hey guys yesterday I went as far and get
it cute and got a few new goodies that I
want to share with you so it started um
the first thing that I got is this
beautiful benefit you do google said I
love the pic I love the packaging it
contains for eyeshadows one mini stayed
on straight eyeshadow base and one mini
they're real mascara um the only thing
that I dislike about its packaging or
upset in general is um the thing that it
doesn't have mirror use it at home or in
a bathroom it's perfect and the next
thing I got is a new Beauty Blender it's
my old one is really really dirty and
first time to get a new one and as match
I got your beauty cleanser beauty
blender cleanser okay so a cleanser
cleanser bought a Beauty Blender wow
this is tough to say so i can keep my
new Beauty Blender clean from start
perfect perfect mart the next two things
are foundations I got two new ones both
from the you're the first ones your skin
mute and the other one is your skin star
and here the only reason I got both em
it's because I couldn't decide in the
store I heard so many great reviews Oh
for both of them and here then I
couldn't decide and in the end I bought
both even throw with us I Kim Kardashian
game and it was kind of expensive to get
both yeah a little shopping spree never
heard nobody word and then the last to
think
items to the board on our two mascaras
first one is the lancome hypnose and
this one is my favorite for 10 years now
yeah for 10 years this is my favorite
there wasn't one mascara that was
aspirated this one so I always go back
and buy it again and again and artists I
love trying out new mascara and I by
Rockstar a high-end mascaras all the
time but as I said the only one I will
go back to the Steve knows mascara and
then the other one that I bought is to
judge you imani eyes to kill classical
um I heard so many good things about
mascara always wanted to try it some
sierra but i never gave it a shot I
don't know why I always was like yeah
I'm going to buy it this time and then I
was like oh no I'm going to stick with
my Lancome if i go for such a high-end
girl so I never tried it and I'm quite
excited about it and I hope I'm going to
love it so that's it for the items that
i bought em and then I can't assemble at
the register of this mesh book or vice
try me size um so this is kind of a
generous sample I find and I never tried
anything from Smashbox before I always
wanted to so this is perfect Trier
things it contains two or incite us it
says the set of sellers has all you need
for an ultimate chocolate brown smokey
eye excited to try to get out and
dancing for today seeing you I hope you
liked it and it hope you have great day
bye